it began with the heaviest barrage so
far from the sea and the air shells and
Rockets fell throughout the night the
Israeli military moving to a new
phase with a stirring message from their
Commander the Army moved in in tanks and
on foot the Israelis say they want to
destroy tunnels used by gunmen to sneak
into
Israel my instruction to IDF in
accordance with the security cabinet is
preparing for the possibility of a
significant expansion of the ground
operation but a new phase brings a new
wave of Civilian casualties at Gaza Shea
hospital more desperate scenes this
morning my two nieces were killed he
wailes my brother's
daughters 5-year-old Ria is alive but
her hand is fractured possibly her skull
too
they hit our house says her father we
had 70 or 80 people inside looking for
sanctuary and then they struck
us other people are on the move too
Gravely ill patients were rushed to this
Gaza City Clinic late last night their
Hospital Under Fire too dangerous to
stay too dangerous to leave them I can
take care of them too dark smoke and the
in inhalation of such a smoke is too
dangerous to me and to them so I have to
leave why is the
hospital while we talk a salvo of Hamas
Rockets is fired from a building nearby
how I wonder can this be helping give me
a human being that I hit you I kill you
I put you in a corner and I ask you
don't respond just sit there and say
please give me a food
yeah we travel through deserted streets
to see the waffer hospital for ourselves
the Border is just across the nearby
Fields Israel says Rockets were fired
from the hospital itself a claim the
Palestinians
deny the staff and the patients say this
hospital was hit many many times the
first time a week ago and by last night
it was simply becoming unbearable it
seems pretty clear that the Israelis
don't want anyone staying here in this
part of the Gaza Strip yesterday's talk
of a ceasefire is already a distant
memory if anything things are getting
worse Paul ad BBC news Gaza